hey guys James a whiff of fresh and I'm
going to be saying a sort of quick tip
tutorial sort of thing over the next few
weeks and this the first ones death it's
a helicopter or something so sort of you
can hear that um anyway the the tutorial
today is going to be on the symmetry
objects and how to texture it so if I
drop in a symmetry in a cinema 4d and
then throw in a cube if we grab the cube
and move it along we can see it's
reflected in the other side like a
mirror and that's what the symmetry does
we can reflect it in whichever access we
want so the problem that I ran into
when I was working with this was the
texturing I was working on a project
where I had a double door that's slid
open like this and what happened was one
side of the door was modelled and the
other side was reflected see just move
one door and they came open like this
and that was a great until I start
texturing it and I ran into some strange
problems because I was using cubic
mapping and not eww mapping oh so with
the UVW mapping if I move it
everything's fine
but you see if I switch its cubic we get
this strange effect as if we're sort
scrolling along the texture with other
objects now to fix this all you have to
do right click on the cube come cinema
4d tags and click stick texture and that
should basically just stick the texture
to the cube and stop its scrolling along
so that's all you're going to cover for
this quick tip today guys I hope you
found it useful hope it helps you out in
the future if you ever run into this
problem using the symmetry object I
found it useful please remember to leave
a like on the video and I'll be doing
some full length tutorials next week as
well as a few more of these anyway just
watching guys like catch you soon